May peace and contentment bless your life with the joy that endures ever season. 
Have an awesome day. 
The secret of happiness is just this: Positive mind, Positive vibes, Positive Life. 
Stay Positive and Have an Awesome day.
Life becomes much easier when you realize that you can't have everything "permanent" in a "temporary" life.
Hey! Have a great day ahead!
If you can combine positive actions with a positive mindset, you will surely achieve success. Have a great day.
The secret of being happy does not lie in getting more, but in giving more.
Each morning brings with it a new opportunity, seize it.
Failure is not the opposite of Success, but just a part of it. Remember that always.
Most people just dream about success while others put their head down and make it happen.
Losers spend their time waiting for a perfect moment. Winners take a moment and then "make it perfect".
It's a beautiful day to work
Good Morning Team! Let's conquer the day!
Always remember it takes nothing to join the crowd, but it takes everything to make your own path.
I am blessing you to have a ridiculously awesome day. Go out and conquer it.
Monday morning blues, become vibrant Monday morning hues, when I have colleagues like you. Good morning.
If you can conquer the snooze, you can conquer anything. Good morning.
Forget the troubles of yesterday and just remember your blessings for today.
Life becomes automatically better if you can smile from within in any situation. Have a great day.
Wishing you with lots of courage to cope up with bad times. Good times are coming your way. Just Hold On.
Everything that you desire comes to you at the right time. You just need to be patient. Good Morning.
Get over your hangover or your boss will get over you very soon. Good morning.
May your day be filled with lots of moments of joy and thankfulness. Have an amazing day.
Life is a wild journey. Embrace every second of it. Enjoy your Day. Good Morning.
Curiosity is the starting point of all adventures. May life bless you with abundance. Good Morning.
Did you hear the birds chirping today? They are saying 'Wake up or boss will fire you'. Good morning.
Live it. Love it. This day belongs to you. Enjoy your day! Good Morning.
May you begin this day not just with a smile on your face, but also warmth in your heart and happiness within your soul. Good Morning.
Attitude can be contagious. Make yours worth catching. Good Morning!
Smile. Wave. Say Thank you. Small acts of kindness gently shake the world. Good Morning.
The office would be gloomy and blue, if it weren't for fun colleagues like you. Good morning.
May your day be filled only with one noise – KaChing. Good morning.
You were born to be Real, not Perfect. Good Morning!
May every second of your day be special, because that what you are. Good Morning, beautiful!
Good morning, rise and shine. What's up, favorite colleague of mine?
Your countdown to a great day at work begins NOW. Good morning.
The warmth of the morning sun's rays reminds me of the warmth of the support given to me by colleagues like you. Good morning.
Do you know what buses, trains and offices have in common? They wait for no one. Wake up and have a good morning.
There is no such thing as Failure if you can learn from it. Have an awesome day. Good Morning
The sun will rise, the sun will set. At the end of the day, the day will end. Good Morning
Seize all opportunities thrown at you today, it will be worth it. Good Morning